Restructure Getting Started section (#1478)
opensafely/documentation: docs/getting-started/tutorial/index.md

In the tutorial, we will create a study that uses dummy patient data.
We will:

> 1. Crete a GitHub account

Author: nit:

```suggestion
1. Create a GitHub account
```

Reviewer: Well spotted!

> 2. Create a new repository
> 3. Create a study
> 4. Run the study in a local environment
> 5. Update the study
> 6. Run the study in a testing environment

Author: nit: I'd use `1.` for each item, because it means that you don't have to ever worry about renumbering the list, should items get moved or removed.

```suggestion
1. Create a new repository
1. Create a study
1. Run the study in a local environment
1. Update the study
1. Run the study in a testing environment
```

Reviewer: Will do 👍🏻
